update several statements (#2862)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-rollback.md

## MySQL compatibility

> This statement is partly compatible with MySQL. TiDB only has syntactic support for `CompletionTypeWithinTransaction`. Closing the connection or continuing to open a new transaction commit option is not supported. Any compatibility differences should be [reported via an issue](/report-issue.md) on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This statement is partly compatible with MySQL. TiDB only has syntactic support for `CompletionTypeWithinTransaction`. Closing the connection or continuing to open a new transaction after the transaction is rolled back is not supported. Any compatibility differences should be [reported via an issue](/report-issue.md) on GitHub.
```
